so it's noon on New Year's Day and we've
just gotten motivated this morning and
and we had a great time last night out
at a place called Jays British pub we
went there at the request of Geoff one
of the guys who works at the boatyard
giving you a little view of our hotel
suite here at the Cumberland Inn &
Suites and we had some cocktails had a
champagne toast played a bunch of pool
and got home and went to bed at 3
o'clock in the morning so we're now
gonna head over to the boat and do some
more work see you there
this morning we went to Lowe's and
picked up this Hitachi disc grinder I'm
hoping to use this to remove the rest of
the marine grade plywood that is on the
bottom of the lazarette that I started
working on yesterday
Oh am i brought to these big clamps that
we were using to build our bookcases and
I've got some wood glue and I've laid
the police out on some paper on top of
one of our carpets to protect it a
little bit and Jeff is bringing me down
some scrap pieces of wood so I can use
to put those on the edges so that the
clamps don't damage the table at all and
better hold the splinter in place so my
plan is to try to get this splinter to
lay flat so they can then sand the top
of this Andry varnish it this underneath
here leads me to believe that the table
was actually shut on something and so it
drove up into the table and then caused
a splinter to come out this is the
underside of the table and it's never
seen so I don't really care what this
looks like but this top edge is what is
seen all the time when the table is in
the down position so I want to make sure
that we can make this look as best as
possible worst-case scenario I guess we
could
sanded this down you know so it's a lot
thinner maybe take off about I don't
know a little less than 1/4 inch or so
and then revarnished it but I'm gonna
try to avoid doing that make it look as
best as we can